SUMMARY
Clark is a self-motivated and highly-talented volunteer coordinator, writer, content developer, and project manager with years of experience in volunteer training and coaching, editorial writing, content development, and project management and database experience. He works well in a team setting to come up with creative ways to innovate, think big, and make sure projects and tasks get done in an effective and timely manner. 

What Clark does well: 
He thrives in the Team environment.
He loves serving others, and working with lots of different people.
He know’s how to create and plan and execute strategies on a daily basis.
He thinks creatively to solve complex problems in an efficient and thorough fashion.
He can simplify and organize complex projects into manageable tasks in order to ensure goals are met in a timely and high-standard fashion. 

EXPERIENCE 
Lead Service Department Technician: Alclair Audio (2017-Present)
As the Lead Service Department Technician, Clark managed, and completed repairs on all returned in ear monitors as well as quality control failures. This included several daily tasks including:
Diagnosed and completed electronic and structural repairs on high-end custom in ear monitors. Also performed modifications and electronic adjustments according to electronic circuit diagrams.
Managing the repair stock in a timely and efficient manner utilizing task management and organizational tools such as Trello, Highrise, and Zendesk.
Delegated tasks to other members of the service department in order to complete work as quickly and thoroughly as possible. 

Connections Resource Coordinator: River Valley Church (2014-2017)
As the Connections Resource Coordinator, Clark worked in a team environment to create and develop tools that inspired and resourced volunteers and leaders at River Valley Church. This included many projects such as:
Creating and building the website leaders.rivervalley.org. Clark developed the site and it’s functions, as well as edits all of it’s content. He is also a regular contributor. 
Producing, recording and audio editing the River Valley Leadership Podcast— a monthly, quick podcast designed to be fresh, inspiring, and easy to digest. 
Recruit and lead volunteer teams, and plan strategically for large, special events.
Developing hard-copy small-group material for River Valley Church. Clark took various roles in these projects, from being a content writer, to building the teams and overseeing the projects from conception through design to final print. You can see them here. 

Weekend Assistant to the Lead Pastor: River Valley Church (2014)
As the Weekend Assistant to the Lead Pastor, Clark assisted Pastor Rob Ketterling during his weekend tasks that included preaching, hosting high-level guests speakers, and attending time-sensitive appointments. This included various tasks including communicating last minute changes to various teams, organizing meals and occasional travel, hosting both Pastor Rob and special guests, as well as making decisions on behalf of Pastor Rob. 

Campus Pastor Intern: River Valley Church (2013-2014)
As the Campus Pastor Intern at River Valley Church’s Savage Campus, Clark worked alongside the Campus Pastor to plan events and organize weekend services to best serve the Savage community. This role included tasks such as event planning, copy-writing, managing volunteer teams, and overseeing volunteer teams during weekend services.

Orientation Leader Director: North Central University
(2011-2012)
As the Orientation Leader Director, Clark oversaw the team of 30+ student leaders that was responsible for implementing and staffing all new and incoming student activities as part of Welcome Week at North Central University. This included large weekly meetings, in-the-moment volunteer management, and large-event planning (approximately 1,200 new students and families).

Sr. High Mentor: Church of the Open Door
(2009-2012)
Edit volunteering descriptionI served in the Nextgen Mentoring Program for three years, serving as a one-to-one mentor to senior high students. We strove to make sure that each student who came through those doors had someone their to listen. In the three years I served there, we saw the number of students go from around 75 to over 300.

EDUCATION
-B.S., Pastoral Studies, Minor in Biblical Studies, North Central University (2013), Magna Cum Laude 

References

Brian Brink
Phone: (612) 990-6255
Email: brianbrink01@gmail.com 

Pastor Rob Ketterling
Phone: (952) 255-8800
Email: rob.ketterling@rivervalley.org

Jamin Cousins
Phone: (651) 808-7684
Email: jgcousins@gmail.com

Lindsay Willis
Phone: 952.255.8800
Email: lindsay.willis@rivervalley.org

Josiah Knowlen
Phone: 651.230.3159
Email: josiah.knowlen@gmail.com

Randy Kowlessar
Phone: 651.329.8213
Email: rvkowlessar@gmail.com
